docs: add a precise description on helm chart prerelease version comparison. Fixes #21818 (#22724)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/tracking_strategies.md

[Read about version ranges](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/the-mystical-magical-semver-ranges-used-by-npm-bower)

!!! note

>     If you want ArgoCD to include all existing prerelease version tags of a repository in the comparison logic, you explicetly have to add a prerelease `-0` suffix in the version constraint. As mentioned `*-0` will compare against prerelease versions in a repository, `*` will not. The same applies to other constraints such as `>=1.2.2` will **not** compare prerelease versions vs. `>=1.2.2-0` will include prerelease versions in the comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want ArgoCD to include all existing prerelease version tags of a repository in the comparison logic, you explicitly have to add a prerelease `-0` suffix to the version constraint. As mentioned `*-0` will compare against prerelease versions in a repository, `*` will not. The same applies for other constraints, e.g `>=1.2.2` will **not** compare prerelease versions vs. `>=1.2.2-0` which will include prerelease versions in the comparison.
```

Author: Orthographic changes applied as suggested

>     If you want ArgoCD to include all existing prerelease version tags of a repository in the comparison logic, you explicitly have to add a prerelease `-0` suffix to the version constraint. As mentioned `*-0` will compare against prerelease versions in a repository, `*` will not. The same applies for other constraints e.g. `>=1.2.2` will **not** compare prerelease versions vs. `>=1.2.2-0` which will include prerelease versions in the comparison.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you want Argo CD to include all existing prerelease version tags of a repository in the comparison logic, you explicitly have to add a prerelease `-0` suffix to the version constraint. As mentioned `*-0` will compare against prerelease versions in a repository, `*` will not. The same applies for other constraints e.g. `>=1.2.2` will **not** compare prerelease versions vs. `>=1.2.2-0` which will include prerelease versions in the comparison.
```
